how I got into this predicament I'll
never know absolutely incredible
I forest Dmitrievich gruschenko about to
be executed for a crime I never
committed it seems like only yesterday
that I was a child surrounded by my
loving family uncle Nikolai with his
great laugh my father a simple man
formed a small piece of land I remember
having strange and vivid dreams
I grew to manhood and fell in love with
cousin Sonya to me she was the perfect
woman I guess you could say I'm half
Saint half [ __ ]
there's hoping I get the half that he
then came the war was I'm a pacifist I
don't believe in war horse you can't be
serious you're talking about Mother
Russia she's not my mother my mother's
standing right here she's not gonna let
her youngest baby get shrapnel in his
gum I recall the whicker's of military
training
you're the worst soldier ever seen the
horrors of the battlefield
I remember my brief but torrid affair
with the countess Alexandrov nur the
most exciting woman in all of st.
Petersburg you're the greatest lover
eyes overhead I practice a lot when I'm
alone shall we say fistfuls at dawn we
can say it I don't know what it means
but we can say it my duel to the death
with the evil yvonne and above all by
conquest of sonya our marriage was the
happiest time of my life until she
conceived the plan that was to be my
downfall
let's assassinate Napoleon I tried to
reason with her but it was no use
you finally attractive as a man I think
that's your best bet the rest is history
Woody Allen Diane Keaton love and death